and dance and d-boy and everything it's
the one and only yeah I want to welcome
y'all on the vanilla where the streets
is always hot and the parties don't stop
welcome to Manila where the streets is
hot me and my people get down because we
heat the spot baby let's believe that we
hear the rap cuz the party don't stop
the party don't stop welcome to Manila
when the streets is hot me up my people
get down come on party don't stop this
is the Philippines the land sales you
can catch no Pacific know some San
Miguel hitting that can
so we're pumping aoc jumpin the Jeep you
better watch it bad your boobs will
close it but mostly it's a good time by
many parties and every baby shrimps on
the barbie pardon me if I say so I'm
gonna lay low and turn my million-dollar
stands in the peso build a house on the
beach white sands a palm please best a
mansion for my mom see living life to
the fullest
it brings both issues to get your name
written on the bullet but not I don't
really wanna hurt nobody your first shot
II I'm gonna give birth to surprise you
see my name pictures all over the city
Lakes Deshawn John like a brother
come on welcome to lean not a mean ain't
no joke round here what if he don't stop
in the smoke Oh quit but nope but don't
be this is paradise the Sun to go for
leaveth in you here here in the
Philippine Islands when we gonna keep it
alive keep driving
welcome to Manila where the streets is
hot me and my people get down cuz we
heat the spot beep beep that's the lead
that we hear the rap cuz the party don't
stop the party don't stop welcome to
Manila where the streets is hot me get
my people get down because we heat the
spot
big Pete let's believe that we hear the
rap cuz the party don't stop the party
don't stop once again welcome to Manila
ain't none brillar than this just the
other day I got my phone pickpocketed on
the MRT stop break though folks is
struggling out here everybody's getting
beggar in it but is getting it right
growing b-boying